

select *
from
ts_debug('bs52494', 'ASKIRIJEC ASKIRIJEČ bs52494 fer.unizg.hr')
where alias != 'blank'



Wow, am I gullible. I read all the other bad reviews about slow game play, glitches, and an awkward Laura. I thought, no, it can't be that bad; after all, it's Tomb Raider, and they've all been a lot of fun. Big mistake. First, the levels are boring! No surprises at all, and while there is a lot of area to explore there isn't much going on at all. There are about 1000 doors that don't do anything, so I'm stopping at all these pointless doors. There are also several timed puzzles where you only have 30 seconds or so to do something, which was fun and challenging in the previous episodes, but with such lousy controls its frustrating as heck to make her do what she needs to do.Second, the controls are horrible. Laura does a few new things, like climb things by herself, but its annoying not helpful. The movement is slow, even on a fast computer, like driving a car with both front tires gone flat. You press the button and wait around for her to start moving. I have noticed that if you start moving forward while trying to turn, she starts off walking, which is horrible when trying to line up a jump.Third, it looks like the developers went to great length to do away with the square world Laura was living in before. The result, however, is that you never know if you'll make a jump, and the vertical distances are horribly distorted.Fourth, the camera is unbearable. When Laura is close to a wall preparing to leap to another ledge, for example, it's very common to be looking at the top of her head. There are numerous times when the camera won't realign on its own or even if you try to force it. More than once, I was looking at Laura from the front, and the camera was on the ledge she needed to jump to.Fifth, the glitches are embarrassing. If car manufactures tried to get away with shipping a product that worked okay most of the time, people would freak out and manufactures would be scrambling to improve the product or just go out of business. Laura stands in mid air, gets stuck to walls, and when I try to quit the game, half the time it hangs and I have to power down and restart. I know its possible to make games without glitches.Like the other reviewer I found myself screaming at the computer. If the game were fun, it would be easier to forgive the glitches, but its just boring. It's just going through the motions, not playing. Please, buy it used if you have to own it, but don't say I didn't warn you. The one good thing is that you can play from the hard drive. Makes me wonder why so many are available used, hmmm?Thanks for reading